Add ERC: Decentralised User Profiles (#861)
ethereum/ERCs: ERCS/erc-7866.md

1. Facilitate interoperable profiles across all chains.
2. Leverage the immutability and non-transferability of SBTs for secure identities.
3. Enable dApp-specific customisations, such as unique avatars.
4. Provide a robust, standards-based alternative to centralised solutions like Gravatar.
5. Ensure user control and decentralisation with profiles stored on IPFS/Arweave.
6. A common standard for Decentralised Identity that can be used across all chains.
7. Act as a Digital Passport for users, enabling seamless decentralised verification and authentication.

## Specification

### Unique Profile Identifiers

#### Decentralised Profile
Each profile is identified by:

```
<username>@<network_slug>.soul
```

- `username`: User-defined, chain-unique string.
- `network_slug`: Short identifier for the chain (e.g., `eth`, `polygon`, `xion`).
- `soul`: Fixed suffix indicating soul bound token.

Example:
`john@eth.soul`
`alice@polygon.soul`

#### Decentralised Identifier (DID)
Each profile is tied to a DID:

```
did:<chain>:<address>
```

Example:
`did:ethereum:0x123...`
`did:xion:xion1abc...`

### Metadata Structure

> The profile metadata structure is designed to balance extensibility, usability, and compatibility with decentralized storage systems like IPFS. Metadata will adhere to the following schema:

Author: It is a json schema below. Do you've a reference on the format?

> The profile metadata structure is designed to balance extensibility, usability, and compatibility with decentralized storage systems like IPFS. Metadata will adhere to the following schema:

Author: Added a more formal schema structure.

2. **Decentralised Profile**
   - The profile format (`username@networkslug.soul`) makes profiles human-readable and chain-specific while maintaining a universal structure. The `.soul` suffix clearly identifies profiles compliant with this standard.

3. **dApp-Specific Avatars**
   - Allowing users to assign dApp-specific avatars caters to personalisation and enhances the user experience. It supports scenarios where users may want different representations or metadata for different applications.

4. **Soul Bound Tokens (SBTs)**
   - Leveraging SBTs ensures that profiles are non-transferable, reinforcing the concept of identity ownership. SBTs prevent profiles from being sold or hijacked, making them ideal for reputation-based systems.

5. **Registry and Resolver Architecture**
   - This architecture was chosen for its extensibility and proven track record, as seen in ENS. It separates the management of profile identifiers (Registry) from the resolution of metadata (Resolver), making upgrades and integrations straightforward.

6. **Compatibility with Existing Standards**

>    - The profile standard integrates with `ERC165` for interface detection and can complement ENS or other naming systems, fostering interoperability rather than competition.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - The profile standard integrates with [ERC-165](./eip-165.md) for interface detection and can complement ENS or other naming systems, fostering interoperability rather than competition.
```
